000100039X::This is one my must have books. It is a masterpiece of spirituality. I'll be the first to admit, its literary quality isn't much. It is rather simplistically written, but the message behind it is so powerful that you have to read it. It will take you to enlightenment.|This book provides a reflection that you can apply to your own life.And, a way for you to try and assess whether you are truly doing the right thing and making the most of your short time on this plane.|I first read THE PROPHET in college back in the 60's. The book had a revival as did anything metaphysical in the turbulent 60's. It had a profound effect on me and became a book I always took with me. After graduation I joined the Peace Corps and during stressful training in country (Liberia) at times of illness and the night before I left, this book gave me great comfort. I read it before I married, just before and again after my children were born and again after two near fatal illnesses. I am always amazed that there is a chapter that reaches out to you, grabs you and offers both comfort and hope for the future.Gibran offers timeless insights and love with each word. I think that we as a nation should read AND learn the lessons here. It is definitely a time for thought and reflection this book could guide us through.
0001473123::Clarence Larkin has a great way of communicating hard to understand passages.  I have a friend who recommended him this spring.|This is a wonderful book to study with The Greatest Book on  Dispensational Truth in the World  by Clarence Larkin.|Clarence Larkin is the best interpreter of the Bible.  His hand drawn charts and exceptional.  I have all of his books and charts.
0001473727::Be advised, this is a very deep book and should not be approached lightly. Though I believe every believer should own the book, someone still on the milk of the Word of God will struggle with the deep things of God covered in this book.|This book is amazing. The charts really make it! I am so happy to have this for a study guide. Thanks, Amazon!|This is a wonderful looking book, I have not had a chance to start reading it, however the drawings alone are beyond great. The book arrived within three days of ordering, and the book is in great shape.